Welcome to my advanced Ecomm API with Redux. Inside my backend folder, you will see all of the backend code that is being called upon as well as a folder holdin a venv. The Frontend folder holds all of the javascript and jsx that creates what is displayed to the user. 
After opening the venv and runnning the React app, the user will be taken to the login page which will prompt them to use their email and password (phone number) to log in. If one does not have an account, they can click the sign up button to create one. Be sure to remember the email address and phone number you input as that is what will be used as the username and password to log in.
After signing in, one will be greeted by name on the homepage and they will see a navigation bar at the top allowing them to navigate the application with ease. One can add new poducts to the catalog, delete their account, and view products for sale to purchase.
To Delete your account, simply go to Account in the navigation bar, click on Delete Account, and confirm.
In order to purchase products, one would go to the View Products page to select products to add to their shopping cart. One can view their cart by clicking on View Cart in the navigation bar.
In the View Cart page, one will be able to see all of products inside of their shopping cart including the name, quantity and price. The quantity can be change by simply clicking the specified button. One can also navigate back to the product catalog or homepage b clickingthe buttons below their cart. Clicking Checkout will clear the cart as though the items are being purchased by the user.
To log out of your account, simply click Log Out in the upper right hand corner of the navigation bar. The user will then be redirected to the sign in page.